RN 32667 (#86)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Visio/reference/Placeholders_for_variables_in_shape_data_values.md

Full syntax: *\[ServiceDefinition:*\<ServiceDefinitionID>*,*\<Property>*\]*

From DataMiner 10.2.0/10.1.10 onwards, you can use this placeholder to retrieve properties of a service definition.

The following properties are supported:

- **Name**: The name of the service definition.

- **Actions**: The name of the scripts that are defined on the service definition. Names of multiple actions will be separated by colons (“:”). This will allow them to be inserted directly into e.g. a SetVar shape.

- **Property=*\<propertyName>***: The value of a custom property of the service definition.

> - **Type**: Supported from DataMiner 10.3.0/10.2.4 onwards. The type of service definition (*SRM*, *Skyline Process Automation*, or *Custom Process Automation*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type**: Supported from DataMiner 10.3.0/10.2.4 onwards. The raw type of service definition (*Default*, *ProcessAutomation*, or *CustomProcessAutomation*).
```
